=== 20-06-2022

==== Date & Time

20.06.2022 09:00-10:00

==== Attendees

- Frank
- Jens
- Maxime
- Olivier

==== Agenda

[cols="1,1,1"]
|===
^.^|Who
^.^|What
^.^|Comments
^.^|Olivier
.^|Presentation of the FOSS4G publication
^.^|Done âœ…
^.^|Jens
.^|Discusses that the new OGC standards are shifting focus towards web-applications. This trend potentially creates problems regarding bridges between INTERLIS and new OGC standards.
^.^|-
^.^|Jens
.^|Proposes the build the output in conformity with eCH-structure (e.g. https://www.ech.ch/it/standards/60396)
^.^|This idea is approved and has to be added to the project final restitution.
^.^|Jens
.^|Proposes to implement APIs in relation to MeteoSwiss data (following Massimiliano's idea)
^.^|This is a great idea for a future iteration.
^.^|Frank
.^|State of play of financial resources
.^|Complete the financial report for the 24.06.2022
^.^|Frank
.^|Dissemination of the work in the context of workshops
.^|Frank will take care of the exchange with swisstopo regarding the organisation of the Kolloquium
|===

==== Related documents and resources

* https://talks.osgeo.org/media/foss4g-2022-academic-track/submissions/GBPPCM/resources/OGC_API_State_of_Play-VF-oez_PM9KXw4.pdf[FOSS4G article]
* link:https://github.com/MediaComem/geostandards-INDG20-60/blob/main/Follow-up-meetings/Documents/20220620-NGDI-20-60-Swisstopo-meeting-notes.pdf[20220620-NGDI-20-60 follow up meeting notes]

==== Next meeting

11.07.2022

==== Miscellaneous

Nothing to mention

