=== 20-06-2022

==== Date & Time

20.06.2022 09:00-10:00

==== Attendees

- Frank
- Jens
- Maxime
- Olivier

==== Agenda

[cols="1,1,1,1,1"]
|===
^.^|Who
^.^|What
^.^|Decisions
^.^|Due Date
^.^|Statut
^.^|Olivier
.^|Presentation of the FOSS4G publication
^.^|-
^.^|-
^.^|Done âœ…
^.^|Jens
.^|Discusses that the new OGC standards are shifting focus towards web-applications. This trend potentially creates problems regarding bridges between INTERLIS and new OGC standards
^.^|Approved
^.^|Project restitution
^.^|Not started ðŸ’¤
^.^|Jens
.^|Proposes the build the output in conformity with eCH-structure (e.g. https://www.ech.ch/it/standards/60396)
^.^|Approved
^.^|Project restitution
^.^|Not started ðŸ’¤
^.^|Jens
.^|Proposes to implement APIs in relation to MeteoSwiss data (following Massimiliano's idea)
^.^|Approved?
^.^|Future iteration?
^.^|To be started in a future iteration ðŸ’¤
^.^|Frank
.^|State of play of financial resources
.^|Complete the financial report
^.^|24.06.2022
^.^|In Progress ðŸš§
^.^|Frank
.^|Dissemination of the work in the context of workshops
.^|Exchange with swisstopo about the organisation of Kolloquium
^.^|To be discussed at the next meeting
^.^|Not started ðŸ’¤
|===

==== Related documents and resources

* https://talks.osgeo.org/media/foss4g-2022-academic-track/submissions/GBPPCM/resources/OGC_API_State_of_Play-VF-oez_PM9KXw4.pdf[FOSS4G article]

==== Next meeting

11.07.2022

==== Miscellaneous