=== 25-05-2022

==== Date & Time

- 25.05.2022 09:00-10:00

==== Attendees

- Frank
- Jens
- Maxime

==== Agenda

[cols="1,1,1,1,1"]
|===
^.^|Who
^.^|What
^.^|Decisions
^.^|Due Date
^.^|Statut
^.^|Frank
.^|(Virtual-) meeting organisation
.^|Meetings will take place every 3 weeks via MS-Teams
^.^|31.05.2022
^.^|Done ✅
^.^|Frank
.^|Synchronisation of meeting notes
.^|Meetings notes will be stored on GitHub
^.^|31.05.2022
^.^|Done ✅
^.^|Frank
.^|Valuation of presentation materials, publication etc.
.^|Presentation materials, publications must be uploaded on GitHub
^.^|31.05.2022
^.^|Done ✅
^.^|Frank
.^|Add a link to the TB platform on the project documentation
.^|Include an ad hoc section in the documentation
^.^|20.06.2022
^.^|Done ✅
|===

==== Related documents and resources

* https://mediacomem.github.io/geostandards-INDG20-60/[Project Documentation]
* https://ogc.heig-vd.ch/[NGDI-20-60 OGC API Testbed Platform]

==== Next meeting

31.05.2022

==== Miscellaneous

Nothing to mention

